Feat: implement new command EXZMSCORE (#5)
alibaba/TairZset: CMDDOC.md

> EXZCOUNT key min max   
> time complexity：O(log(N)) with N being the number of elements in the tairzset.

### EXZMSCORE
> EXZMSCORE key member [member ...]
> time complexity：O(N) where N is the number of members being requested.

#### Command Description:

Returns the scores associated with the specified members in the sorted set stored at key. For every member that does not exist in the sorted set, a nil value is returned.

#### Return value

> Array reply: list of scores or nil associated with the specified member values (a double precision floating point number), represented as strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array reply: list of scores or nil associated with the specified member values (multiple double-precision floating-point numbers separated by #), represented as strings.
```
